Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.
# Question 1: In your opinion, what is the most important thing you learned this week? Why?
**Answer:** *The most important thing that I learned this week was learning about the peanutbutter & jelly video. The presentation the Harvard professor gave, gave me a different perspective on how computers think and how I too can think like a computer.* 
# Question 2: Describe the general idea of high and low level programming languages using the concept of abstraction.
**Answer:** *High and low levels of programming languages use abstraction to dumb down what's being shown on the screen and let's us focus on one thing at a time. Using abstraction allows us to do lots of work with a considerably less amount of time and effort.*
# Question 3: JavaScript was designed to be flexible with values and types, often jumping back and forth between them. Compare some pros and cons of this decision. How might it help you? How might it get in the way? 
**Answer:** *Values and types certainly will get annoying to switch back and forth between. Luckily since java is considerably more simple than many other programming languages that I know of so far and that's because the way they implement values and types. Some pros would be as I said before it makes the proccess of coding on javascript much simpler. All values have a set number that they represent which means you can easily apply operators into the equation to create an outcome different than the set numbers they represent. Javascript also recognizes different types that are essentially the same such as "five" "5" "V" which makes using multiple different types should still work.*
